Skip to main content
PRODUCTS & SOLUTIONS
WHO WE SERVE
CASE STUDIES
CONTACT US
CoStar With STR Benchmark 
Resources 
Press Releases 
U.S. Hotel Performance For October 2023
U.S. hotel performance for October 2023
22 November 2023
|
Monthly
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
WeChat
Email
WhatsApp

WASHINGTON – 20 November 2023 – The U.S. hotel industry reported mixed performance results from the previous month, according to October 2023 from CoStar. CoStar is a leading provider of online real estate marketplaces, information and analytics in the property markets.

October 2023 (percentage change from October 2022):

Occupancy: 65.8% (-1.8%)
Average daily rate (ADR): US$161.56 (+3.0%)
Revenue per available room (RevPAR): US$106.38 (+1.2%)

Among the Top 25 Markets, New York City experienced the highest occupancy level (86.8%), which was up 3.0% year over year.

Markets with the lowest occupancy for the month included Houston (59.5%) and St. Louis (59.8%).

The Top 25 Markets showed higher occupancy and ADR than all other markets.

For more information about the company and its products and services, please visit www.costargroup.com.

Additional Performance Data
CoStar’s world-leading hotel performance sample comprises 78,000 properties and 10.3 million rooms around the globe. Members of the media should refer to the contacts listed below for additional data requests.

News Media Contact
Haley Luther
Communications Manager – STR 
(216) 278-0627
hluther@str.com

About CoStar Group
CoStar Group (NASDAQ: CSGP) is a leading provider of online real estate marketplaces, information, and analytics in the property markets. Founded in 1987, CoStar Group conducts expansive, ongoing research to produce and maintain the largest and most comprehensive database of real estate information. CoStar is the global leader in commercial real estate information, analytics, and news, enabling clients to analyze, interpret and gain unmatched insight on property values, market conditions and availabilities. Apartments.com is the leading online marketplace for renters seeking great apartment homes, providing property managers and owners a proven platform for marketing their properties. LoopNet is the most heavily trafficked online commercial real estate marketplace with over twelve million monthly global unique visitors. STR provides premium data benchmarking, analytics, and marketplace insights for the global hospitality industry. Ten-X offers a leading platform for conducting commercial real estate online auctions and negotiated bids. Homes.com is the fastest growing online residential marketplace that connects agents, buyers, and sellers. BureauxLocaux is one of the largest specialized property portals for buying and leasing commercial real estate in France. Business Immo is France’s leading commercial real estate news service. Thomas Daily is Germany’s largest online data pool in the real estate industry. Belbex is the premier source of commercial space available to let and for sale in Spain. CoStar Group’s websites attract over 160 million unique monthly visitors. Headquartered in Washington, DC, CoStar Group maintains offices throughout the U.S., Europe, Canada, and Asia. From time to time, we plan to utilize our corporate website, CoStarGroup.com, as a channel of distribution for material company information. For more information, visit CoStarGroup.com.

* In September 2023, Homes.com surpassed 100 million monthly unique visitors, according to Google Analytics, exceeding Realtor.com’s 74 million monthly average unique visitors for its fiscal fourth quarter as reported in its earnings release on August 10, 2023, and Redfin’s 52 million monthly average unique visitors for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 as reported in its Form 10-Q filed August 3, 2023.

Facebook
X
LinkedIn
WeChat
Email
WhatsApp
Discover how CoStar could help your business.

Contact us at 888-226-7404 or submit this form to request a demo.

Company
Company Type
Business Type*
Academia: Education and research programs for universities and professionals
Operator: Own, operate and/or manage properties
Industry Partners: Consultants, investors, developers, suppliers and other hospitality solution providers
Destination: City, regional and government organizations promoting tourism
Job Title
Phone Number
Business Email
Please enter your country
City
Zip Code

I agree to receive CoStar's email newsletter containing news, updates, and promotions regarding Costar's products and services.

By submitting, you are opting in to receive email communications from CoStar. You also agree that CoStar may call or text you by live or automated means. You don't need to consent as a condition of buying any property, goods, or services. Message/data rates may apply. You also agree to our Terms of Use.

Company
About CoStar
CoStarGroup.com
Careers
Press Room
Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Exercise your Privacy Rights
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Contact Us
Products & Solutions
CoStar
CoStar Debt Solutions
CoStar with STR Benchmark
Additional Solutions
CoStar Real Estate Manager
Social

© 2026 CoStar Group