Skip to main content
PRODUCTS & SOLUTIONS
WHO WE SERVE
CASE STUDIES
CONTACT US
CoStar With STR Benchmark 
Resources 
Press Releases 
U.S. Hotel Performance For August 2025
U.S. hotel performance for August 2025
19 September 2025
|
Monthly
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
WeChat
Email
WhatsApp

ARLINGTON, Va. – 19 September 2025 – The U.S. hotel industry showed mixed year-over-year performance results, according to August 2025 data from CoStar, a leading global provider of online real estate marketplaces, information, and analytics in the property markets. 

August 2025 (percentage change from August 2024):

Occupancy: 66.1% (-1.3%)
Average daily rate (ADR): US$158.93 (+0.3%)
Revenue per available room (RevPAR): US$105.06 (-1.0%)

Among the Top 25 Markets, New York City experienced the highest occupancy level (-1.4% to 86.0%).

Seattle reported the second-largest occupancy level (-0.4% to 82.2%).

Markets with the lowest occupancy for the month included Phoenix (55.0%) and Houston (55.9%), the latter affected by the elevated displacement demand period that followed Hurricane Beryl in 2024. 

The Top 25 Markets showed higher occupancy and ADR than all other markets.

For more information about the company and its products and services, please visit www.costargroup.com. 

Additional Performance Data
CoStar’s world-leading hotel performance sample comprises more than 90,000 properties and 11.8 million rooms around the globe. Members of the media should refer to the contacts listed below for additional data requests.

News Media Contact

Haley Luther
Senior Communications Manager
(216) 278-0627
hluther@costar.com

About CoStar Group 
CoStar Group (NASDAQ: CSGP) is a global leader in commercial real estate information, analytics, online marketplaces, and 3D digital twin technology. Founded in 1986, CoStar Group is dedicated to digitizing the world’s real estate, empowering all people to discover properties, insights, and connections that improve their businesses and lives.

CoStar Group’s major brands include CoStar, a leading global provider of commercial real estate data, analytics, and news; LoopNet, the most trafficked commercial real estate marketplace; Apartments.com, the leading platform for apartment rentals; Homes.com, the fastest-growing residential real estate marketplace; and Domain, one of Australia’s leading property marketplaces. CoStar Group’s industry-leading brands also include Matterport, a leading spatial data company whose platform turns buildings into data to make every space more valuable and accessible, STR, a global leader in hospitality data and benchmarking, Ten-X, an online platform for commercial real estate auctions and negotiated bids and OnTheMarket, a leading residential property portal in the United Kingdom.

CoStar Group’s websites attracted over 141 million average monthly unique visitors in the second quarter of 2025, serving clients around the world. Headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, CoStar Group is committed to transforming the real estate industry through innovative technology and comprehensive market intelligence. From time to time, we plan to utilize our corporate website as a channel of distribution for material company information. For more information, visit CoStarGroup.com. 

Facebook
X
LinkedIn
WeChat
Email
WhatsApp
Discover how CoStar could help your business.

Contact us at 888-226-7404 or submit this form to request a demo.

Company
Company Type
Business Type*
Academia: Education and research programs for universities and professionals
Operator: Own, operate and/or manage properties
Industry Partners: Consultants, investors, developers, suppliers and other hospitality solution providers
Destination: City, regional and government organizations promoting tourism
Job Title
Phone Number
Business Email
Please enter your country
City
Zip Code

I agree to receive CoStar's email newsletter containing news, updates, and promotions regarding Costar's products and services.

By submitting, you are opting in to receive email communications from CoStar. You also agree that CoStar may call or text you by live or automated means. You don't need to consent as a condition of buying any property, goods, or services. Message/data rates may apply. You also agree to our Terms of Use.

Company
About CoStar
CoStarGroup.com
Careers
Press Room
Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Exercise your Privacy Rights
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Contact Us
Products & Solutions
CoStar
CoStar Debt Solutions
CoStar with STR Benchmark
Additional Solutions
CoStar Real Estate Manager
Social

© 2026 CoStar Group