Skip to main content
PRODUCTS & SOLUTIONS
WHO WE SERVE
CASE STUDIES
CONTACT US
CoStar With STR Benchmark 
Resources 
Press Releases 
U.S. Hotel Performance For August 2024
U.S. hotel performance for August 2024
19 September 2024
|
Monthly
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
WeChat
Email
WhatsApp

WASHINGTON – 19 September2024 – The U.S. hotel industry reported lower performance results from the previous month but positive comparisons year over year, according to August 2024 data from CoStar. CoStar is a leading provider of online real estate marketplaces, information, and analytics in the property markets. 

August 2024 (percentage change from August 2023):

Occupancy: 66.9% (+1.5%)
Average daily rate (ADR): US$157.84 (+2.3%)
Revenue per available room (RevPAR): US$105.67 (+3.9%)

Among the Top 25 Markets, New York City experienced the highest occupancy level (+5.2% to 87.3%).  

Markets with the lowest occupancy for the month included New Orleans (54.1%) and Phoenix (58.4%).

The Top 25 Markets showed higher occupancy and ADR than all other markets.

Further August analysis can be found here.

For more information about the company and its products and services, please visit www.costargroup.com.

Additional Performance Data
CoStar’s world-leading hotel performance sample comprises 85,000 properties and 11 million rooms around the globe. Members of the media should refer to the contacts listed below for additional data requests.

News Media Contact
Haley Luther
Senior Communications Manager – STR 
(216) 278-0627
hluther@str.com 

ABOUT COSTAR GROUP, INC.
CoStar Group (NASDAQ: CSGP) is a leading provider of online real estate marketplaces, information, and analytics in the property markets. Founded in 1987, CoStar Group conducts expansive, ongoing research to produce and maintain the largest and most comprehensive database of real estate information. CoStar is the global leader in commercial real estate information, analytics, and news, enabling clients to analyze, interpret and gain unmatched insight on property values, market conditions and availabilities. Apartments.com is the leading online marketplace for renters seeking great apartment homes, providing property managers and owners a proven platform for marketing their properties. LoopNet is the most heavily trafficked online commercial real estate marketplace with over twelve million monthly global unique visitors. STR provides premium data benchmarking, analytics, and marketplace insights for the global hospitality industry. Ten-X offers a leading platform for conducting commercial real estate online auctions and negotiated bids. Homes.com is the fastest growing online residential marketplace that connects agents, buyers, and sellers. OnTheMarket is a leading residential property portal in the United Kingdom. BureauxLocaux is one of the largest specialized property portals for buying and leasing commercial real estate in France. Business Immo is France’s leading commercial real estate news service. Thomas Daily is Germany’s largest online data pool in the real estate industry. Belbex is the premier source of commercial space available to let and for sale in Spain. CoStar Group’s websites attracted over 183 million monthly average unique visitors in the second quarter of 2024. Headquartered in Washington, DC, CoStar Group maintains offices throughout the U.S., Europe, Canada, and Asia. From time to time, we plan to utilize our corporate website, CoStarGroup.com, as a channel of distribution for material company information. For more information, visit CoStarGroup.com.

Facebook
X
LinkedIn
WeChat
Email
WhatsApp
Discover how CoStar could help your business.

Contact us at 888-226-7404 or submit this form to request a demo.

Company
Company Type
Business Type*
Academia: Education and research programs for universities and professionals
Operator: Own, operate and/or manage properties
Industry Partners: Consultants, investors, developers, suppliers and other hospitality solution providers
Destination: City, regional and government organizations promoting tourism
Job Title
Phone Number
Business Email
Please enter your country
City
Zip Code

I agree to receive CoStar's email newsletter containing news, updates, and promotions regarding Costar's products and services.

By submitting, you are opting in to receive email communications from CoStar. You also agree that CoStar may call or text you by live or automated means. You don't need to consent as a condition of buying any property, goods, or services. Message/data rates may apply. You also agree to our Terms of Use.

Company
About CoStar
CoStarGroup.com
Careers
Press Room
Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Exercise your Privacy Rights
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Contact Us
Products & Solutions
CoStar
CoStar Debt Solutions
CoStar with STR Benchmark
Additional Solutions
CoStar Real Estate Manager
Social

© 2026 CoStar Group